for prompt engineering:

instead of this:
It is difficult to say for certain without more information about the specific role and Atakan's other skills and experience,

difficult without talking with Atakan, knowing more of the req of the job.
go talk with him.



langchain faiss and to learn about how to store & retrieve data from vectorstores used here
https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/modules/indexes/vectorstores/examples/faiss.html
db1 = FAISS.from_texts(["foo"], embeddings)
db1.docstore._dict      




notes with gpt:
Here are the current notes:

Separation of Concerns: Separate the different concerns of your code into different functions or classes. You've already done a good job at this by breaking down the process into smaller functions. However, you might want to consider creating a class to represent the process of handling a file, extracting text, creating embeddings, etc. This could make your code more modular and easier to test and maintain.

Error Handling: Your current code doesn't have much error handling. For example, what if the PDF file upload fails, or the PDF doesn't contain any extractable text? It would be helpful to add some checks and error messages to handle these situations.

User Feedback: It might be useful to provide some feedback to the user while the program is processing their PDF, especially if it might take some time. You could use st.spinner or st.progress to do this.

Multiple File Uploads: Streamlit supports multiple file uploads through the same st.file_uploader function. You just need to add the accept_multiple_files=True parameter. The function will then return a list of UploadedFile objects.

Code Organization for Multiple File Uploads: You can adjust your upload_pdf function to allow multiple file uploads. Then in your main function, you can loop over the uploaded files, process each uploaded file separately. If you want to combine the text from all files into a single knowledge base, you'll need to adjust the code accordingly.

File Type Checking and Processing: In the adjusted main function, a combined text variable is used to accumulate the text from all the uploaded files. The rest of the function operates on this combined text. If the user tries to upload more than 3 files, an error message will be displayed and the function will return early. This helps to avoid potential issues with processing too many large files at once.

Text Extraction from DOCX Files: The python-docx library can be used to extract text from .docx files. This library handles the encoding, preventing potential encoding issues for .docx files.

Encoding Issues with TXT Files: When reading a .txt file, it's crucial to know the encoding. In the absence of this information, Python uses the system's default encoding, which might not match the encoding of the file, potentially leading to errors. In the context of Streamlit, uploaded .txt files are received as bytes, which can be decoded into a string using Python's built-in decode function, with 'utf-8' as the most common encoding.

Let me know if you need more information on any of these points, or if you have other topics you'd like to add to the notes.